OBSDOCS-206: Add multi ClusterLogForwarder docs and clean up existing documentation (#64935)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/log-collection-rbac-permissions.adoc

> // Module included in the following assemblies:

Reviewer: I defer here to  you if we wish to make mention this is only required for the multi CLF mode. Legacy mode will already allow creation of the legacy CLF without the permissions.

Author: Good call

//
// * logging/log_collection_forwarding/log-forwarding.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="log-collection-rbac-permissions_{context}"]
= Authorizing log collection RBAC permissions

> In logging 5.8 and newer versions, the Cluster Logging Operator provides `collect-audit-logs`, `collect-application-logs`, and `collect-infrastructure-logs` cluster roles, which correspond to roles that are able to collect audit logs, application logs, and infrastructure logs respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In logging 5.8 and later, the Cluster Logging Operator provides `collect-audit-logs`, `collect-application-logs`, and `collect-infrastructure-logs` cluster roles, which correspond to roles that enable the Operator (?) to collect audit logs, application logs, and infrastructure logs respectively.
```

Author: Thanks, I actually for some reason thought there were IBMSG guidelines against using "later" and "enabled", so I learned something today 😄

You can authorize RBAC permissions for log collection by binding the required cluster roles to a service account.

.Prerequisites

* The Cluster Logging Operator is installed in the `openshift-logging` namespace.
* You have administrator permissions.

.Procedure

. Create a service account for the collector. If you want to write logs to storage that requires a token for authentication, you must include a token in the service account.

. Bind the appropriate cluster roles to the service account:
+
.Example binding command
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc adm policy add-cluster-role-to-user <cluster_role_name> - system:serviceaccount::<service_account_name>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
$ oc adm policy add-cluster-role-to-user <cluster_role_name> system:serviceaccount:<namespace_name>:<service_account_name>
```

> $ oc create clusterrolebinding <cluster_role_binding_name> --clusterrole=<cluster_role_name> --serviceaccount=<namespace:service_account_name>

Reviewer 4: Not sure which command is better?
oc adm policy add-cluster-role-to-user  <cluster_role_name> - system:serviceaccount:<namespace>:<ervice_account_name>

Reviewer: I'm indifferent here but @anpingli example lends itself more to an "admin is doing something" and looks more "admin" like.  I suspect you will need elevated permissions for both :man_shrugging:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * logging/log_collection_forwarding/logging-multi-clf.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="log-collection-rbac-permissions_{context}"]
= Authorizing log collection RBAC permissions

In logging 5.8 and newer versions, the Cluster Logging Operator provides `collect-audit-logs`, `collect-application-logs`, and `collect-infrastructure-logs` cluster roles, which correspond to roles that are able to collect audit logs, application logs, and infrastructure logs respectively.

You can authorize RBAC permissions for log collection by binding the required cluster roles to a service account.

[NOTE]
====

> Cluster role binding is not required in legacy versions of logging (5.7 and older).

Reviewer: It is required for what the enhancement calls the legacy mode or legacy workflow. Specifically this is the case when we are using ClusterLogging/ClusterLogForwarder named "instance" in "openshift-logging".  I have no idea how to make that succinct other then to call it "legacy" mode.

Author: Hopefully changes I've made are correct - I'm a little bit confused about when the RBAC / role bindings are required and when they are not, since I thought this procedure module is only required to support multi CLF.

====

.Prerequisites

* The Cluster Logging Operator is installed in the `openshift-logging` namespace.

> * You have administrator permissions.

Reviewer: admin perms in the namespace where you will be creating the CLF
